Hello everyone and today I will say these
Here are 2 notebook where I draw
drawings on the cell first notebook
notebook 96 sheets and the second line is
notebook on a spiral it is also 80
Sheets or on 16 here such here
notebook 1 6 com 2 red with
oyster mushrooms
first we will look this one
line of course she does not come first
here it is
This picture is my Well, if it is written on it
decided on this coin
cyst such a love for flowers and heron
contests seem us that
and london and up to london girl then
such.
teddy bear
we lower
here is such a drawing of mine later
mustache and pumpkin
an apple and finished another line like this
come out I respect you but did not tell
when we open their hooks the inscription on
cell drawings
and here donut and then just she
do not become that oil smear glue
Horses I honored salon up
kicking it so don't remember the owl from
monster corporations shorter and he took
swf eye herringbone sand not painted
pikachu here wanted our nursery not
fit here I do not remember such
clothes she already hangs so that the cat does not
show here such I saw not the
which I spread on this she on this
the channel that was spreading did not understand you
saw an example page on 3 4 here this
Here's a bird
eat well here by her very simply
the phone turned off and I didn't know at all
like that is not to poke i am already there then you
here you are then pussy and drawing my
which is enz only yesterday and such
little man and he has a rainbow coming out of his mouth
here is such a leaf I am almost without a point i'm
what will I do to make it shorter than average
the point of all sorts remained on the figure
so on this all here it was all mine
these two holes I drew here
lines of small drawings in vayut
lines jesus them more and so all
bye bye like put signed on my
channel write comments bye bye